Intro and defining regular expression : 
Regex or regular expression is a sequence of characters to search a specific search pattern.
Regular Expressions, commonly known as "regex" or "RegExp", are a specially formatted text strings used to 
find patterns in text. Regular expressions are one of the most powerful tools available today for effective 
and efficient text processing and manipulations. For example, it can be used to verify whether the format of 
data i.e. name, email, phone number, etc. entered by the user is correct or not, find or replace matching 
string within text content, and so on.

Let's begin with a brief overview of the commonly used JavaScript's built-in methods for performing pattern-
matching before delving deep into the world of regular expressions:
Function	What it Does
exec()	Search for a match in a string. It returns an array of information or null on mismatch.
test()	Test whether a string matches a pattern. It returns true or false.
search()	Search for a match within a string. It returns the index of the first match, or -1 if not found.
replace()	Search for a match in a string, and replaces the matched substring with a replacement string.
match()	Search for a match in a string. It returns an array of information or null on mismatch.
split()	Splits up a string into an array of substrings using a regular expression.
lit()	Splits up a string into an array of substrings using a regular expression.

Note: The methods exec() and test() are RegExp methods that takes a string as a parameter, whereas the methods 
search(), replace(), match() and split() are String methods that takes a regular expression as a parameter.

Defining Regular Expressions
In JavaScript, regular expressions are represented by RegExp object, which is a native JavaScript object like 
String, Array, and so on. There are two ways of creating a new RegExp object — one is using the literal 
syntax, and the other is using the RegExp() constructor.

The literal syntax uses forward slashes (/pattern/) to wrap the regular expression pattern, whereas the 
constructor syntax uses quotes ("pattern"). 